Update README.md (#6133)
dolthub/dolt: README.md

go install ./cmd/dolt
```

> The output will be in ~/go/bin. To view the version for instance:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The output will be in `$GOPATH/bin`, which defaults to `~/go/bin`. To test your build, try:
```

```
~/go/bin/dolt version
```

> 
> This path may be dependent on your $GO_ROOT which may default to your $HOME directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
